54. Passing Values through a URL

55. Passing values through a form

56. UPloading a file, reading a file, creating file on server.
Might want to do some examples on this...

57. Enctype
That's that enctype="multipart/form-data" nonsense. Encytype is the encoding type
Anytime you create a form where a User can submit a form with a file, you need this.
If you want to learn how to do this,  just look at his video again.

58. Redirects
We can redirect a request from one place to another. The URL says give me the resource at THIS location.
A serfer can be like, "Hey, this stuff moved, or we want you over here," then redirects you to a different succes
page.
There's some constants for  redirects,(and other success/fail codes).
The redirects are in the 300 category.
For instance, if you ask for '/dog' and the server gives a status code 301, moved permanantly, 
the server responds saying, 'here, it's at /doggie now', and then the browser will go to /doggie from 
now on.
303 see other, moves the method to GET. 302 is still there,(for legacy applications).
307 preserves the same METHOD. 

59. Redirect Codes Diagrams
rfc73421 definitive  status code for servers. Google it if you aren't sure. 
Watch video for pretty pictures and explanations.
If you have /doggie saved in your browser, your browser ignores /dog, unless you clear the browser. 
418 adn 420 are gone. 

60. Redirects in Pracice
May need to watch this to get a full understanding
Moved permannanlty stores in your browser to never go to that new location.

61. Cookies Overview
Cookie are a little file that holds info a server can write to a clients machine if the client allows it. We can 
create STATE created if they don't want cookies. We can put a uniuqe ID into a cookie, assossiated to a User. 
A domain can write a cookie, then the browser can look to see if it has a cookie...it's domain specific. Pepsi can't make 
REQEST for Coke domain, for example. If they don't accept cookies, we can also make a unique URL with an identifier. It's encrypted and 
decrypted between going from the client to the server. If someone snapped a pic of that URL, they could access that state. 

62. Cookies writing and reading 
Go to GoDoc for cookie information. There's a type Cookie. 

63. Is pretty straight forward on how to write mulitple cookies. See 02_multiple to take a look. 

64. Hands on Exercise...how to tell how many time a User has been to your domain?

65. Deleting a Cookies
This is in 05max age.
You set the exact age, (in seconds) for the age of the cookie...then it gets deleted or lasts a certain period of time. 




